Harmontown is once again in session, everybody.
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
Welcome once again to Hollywood, California, the Nerdmelt Theater.
And thank you for listening out there in Podcast Universe.
Please put your hands together for the groove master, the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo.
Freestylin', freestylin', rappin' wild, rappin' wild.
Freestylin', not rhymin', rappin' wild, rappin' wild.
Yo, freestyle, freestyle, freestyle.
I saw your mama saw her the other day.
Saw your mama, I supported the gays.
I saw your mama, I told her that.
She said, fuck them. What'd you think about that?
Your mama's not an advocate. She doesn't think they should vote.
Or get married.
I said, bitch.
It's politically hairy. You're in California.
You gotta be open-minded.
And here's what your mama said.
She said, you know what?
I didn't find that to be the case.
And she started rattling off all kinds of right-wing bullshit at me.
I fucked your mama.
Dan Harmon, everybody.
That was a little bit of a...
I felt like that was a little bit of a...
I don't know, what do you call that?
I felt like it was a little bit of a...
It's experimental.
That was kind of a populist smoke, I think, I was spewing there.
I knew my crowd. I knew where they land.
I mean, yeah, I think what we're doing right now is, you know,
we have a giant tour coming up that's looming.
And are we recording?
I hope you can hear the sound of the crickets that are in this building.
Actual literal crickets.
If you ever want to really just lay a stinker of a joke out there,
the crickets will be there to add high relief.
I'm kind of excited, and I don't mean this sarcastically.
I really am excited about how already, I think we just kind of started in earnest,
to sort of think of this as a movie that we're going to be shooting
about the tour that we're going on.
And the big question is, like, how do you shoot a movie about a tour that you're going on?
How do you shoot a movie about anything?
If there's no script and all these things, you bring cameras,
and you hope not to affect anything.
But it's like already our awesome director, Neal,
who does not want to be spoken about on camera.
So this will not be in the movie.
But he's like Bob Vila already, but when that camera came out,
I was like, rip that curtain down.
But that curtain is the thing that, stand by the light, get over there,
it's good, like I'm more comfortable knowing that I'm in the hands of someone
who's not, like if I say something particularly profound by the refrigerator.
Which is almost, I don't want to find out later that if I had stepped three inches back,
I would have looked awesome and sounded awesome.
So he's like, move, and it's like, it's definitely going to affect everything,
which is kind of an interesting thing, because if it wasn't, it would be weird.
But it wasn't affecting everything. We had to rip that curtain that was starting the show.
That curtain's there to block light from the comic book store, from spilling into here.
It's also to block your vision of me, because we go by the bridal rules of what constitutes.
If you see me before the show, the mystique is blown.
Most of you are responding for most of these nights to like,
well, is that what he looks like?
He's so beautiful.
He's hard as a rock.
It's just a special day.
Apparently that curtain was also there to keep crickets out of the building.
Yeah, I'm a little embarrassed about the crickets.
We have to get a microphone on those crickets, so we can just add cricket sounds.
Do you have a lot of art imitating life, imitating art, imitating things?
It's going to be very exciting to just get in a bus and go for 20 days and 20 nights.
I never understood that expression. Why do you have to add that there's no, nothing has ever,
like, what is that from menorah times?
Is there like a Jewish thing that happened where something happened for eight days
that didn't happen for eight nights, and that was a miracle, and we need to keep track of that,
so every else, like your bank tells you, well, this is for eight days and eight nights.
This isn't a fucking menorah.
I'm making up the menorah thing. I'm just grabbing it, something that might have...
See, I always think of it, because I got to guest-announce at Price is Right for a couple months,
and you and a guest will go to Cancun, Mexico for three days and four nights.
You're covered on the water slide, Parks, for the last two days, but fuck if you're getting a hotel.
That's where the expression comes from. It's a capitalist expression.
We never had to differentiate days and nights until they started costing money.
Six $80 days and four $80 nights.
You know, out of pocket, you can do whatever you want, Gladys.
That's the typical Price is Right winner, I'm sure.
Uh-oh.
No, I just do that to hope that I come up with something else to say.
AIDS. AIDS. Who's aware of AIDS?
Scraping the barrel.
Who has it?
Oh boy, those Muppet movies, overrated.
That new Batman movie stinks.
Oh, what you should be asking yourself is why a bad guy would sound like this.
Seems counter-torner.
I realize I'm the last person to see this movie, and I'm so thankful for that.
What movie are you talking about?
Batman's Risings.
That's my new form of protest.
I figured out old people because I'm becoming one of them.
That's why they do it. They're doing it to fuck with you.
What are you watching at?
Like you're wearing a Nike shirt.
What are you, Nick?
Is that your name on your shirt?
Nick?
Says Nike.
Nike?
What? It's a kind of shoe.
What do you work for them? I don't get it.
I don't get anything. That's my protest.
It's kind of cool.
It's a lot less energy and a lot more result because you just thrive on all the young people going,
Fuck you!
No, I could explain it to fuck you, old man.
You don't get bubble gum?
Are you going to, if you're chewing it, why don't you swallow it?
You know what? I'll wait till you figure it out.
Maybe you'll get your big break one day, bubble gum.
Sounds like a great idea.
Candy, you don't swallow. Good. Call me in the morning.
I got to figure out this goddamn Tivo.
Well, if nightrider's on when it's on, why do I got to wait for it?
That's going to be me.
It's already me.
What was I talking about?
AIDS.
It's a bitch AIDS.
It'll kill you.
In seconds.
You were talking about Batman, somebody.
And it's contagious through air.
I'm making it up.
Don't listen to me.
Batman sucks, also.
But hey, I'm the guy that said you could get AIDS by breathing.
What do I know?
Make your own opinion.
Or if you want to make your opinion based on fear, listen to this guy.
My name's Bane.
I'm the villain for 90% of Batman Rising.
This is the voice you'll be expected to fear for most of the movie.
A lot of people have pointed out that I sound like Daryl Hammond's Sean Connery.
Still others postulate I'm a dog poem era Jimmy Stewart.
In any case, not a villainous sounding man.
Can I hear some villainous dog poem?
Could you do a villain, Jimmy Stewart, Batman dog poem?
My old friend comes to me.
After rabbit chasing dreams.
I reach down and can still feel his now dead hair.
This is a work in progress.
I'm workshopping this.
I haven't for my dog just died.
Thought you'd appreciate the passion.
If you want something overworked, go down the street to E.E. Cummings.
Gets to a point where you're using exclamation points in your poem.
Figure you've been thinking about it too much.
Figured my dog died.
You might want to fucking hear about it.
Fuck me, I'll leave the tonight show.
No, wild stuff, stay.
Oh, yes!
Hey, it's Doc Severza.
All of you are out, you're all out.
You're like, what part of Arsenio is this?
That's nostalgia for you, it was the woof-woofs.
I worshiped Johnny Carson.
I actually predate, when I was a kid and I was watching people perform for people,
my first hero, I believe, was Johnny Carson in terms of coming out and talking to people.
I was right on the bubble because I was probably 10 or 11 when Letterman got his show
and it was this young, spry, weirdo with this gap in his teeth and bright red hair
and wrestling shoes and dunking himself in one or with Alka-Seltzer suits on and stuff.
You guys know the drill.
You're required to know a certain amount of comedy history.
We weren't actually there at what I call comedy stock.
It was that one episode where he dunked himself with Alka-Seltzer.
It's probably the worst episode of Letterman ever.
I don't know.
Can we get back on track?
I want to streamline tonight.
Stand target.
I don't want to get off on a lot of tangents tonight.
But I love Johnny Carson and I used to put on little shows and I would tap my little pencil
and I had a thermos cup lid and if it was Mother's Day, instead of giving my mom a Mother's Day gift,
I would put on a Mother's Day show and I would say it's a Mother's Day show
and then I would sit there and I would just emulate Johnny Carson and I would tap my pencil.
My mom's in back right now, just drunk off her.
You can hear her stumbling around.
She did not take to LA well.
She found out there's more than margaritas.
She's six smack sheets to the wind.
I don't know drug terminology.
I think smack comes in sheets.
Is she a heroin using sailor?
She does a mellow.
She just shoots up.
This is like Kenny Loggins on the marina.
So I don't know where I'm going with that.
I used to perform.
And then I realized at a certain point, well this is very difficult.
It was our documentary crew stumbling around the chairs maybe.
That's funny too.
We should have a documentary crew following the documentary crew.
Don't start. I'll get fired.
Enough of that.
Let's do something for the nice people for once in a while.
Let's pretend someone's watching other than a person that makes shows.
You elitist meta asshole.
Enough.
I don't want to go to the museum and see paintings of frames.
So clever Dan Harmon.
You're so goddamn clever.
Oh a painting of a thing that's supposed to be around a pet.
Oh maybe I'm part of that.
Actually that's pretty cool.
I should give that an M.
What do you think the final product is going to be?
When you and I have come home, there's been two attempts in our lives.
We will have gone through a lot together.
What do you think the final product is?
Obviously it's in the hands of our shy Neil Berkeley director who doesn't want to be mentioned.
Yet we will persist in mentioning him as often as possible.
Shy in front of the camera but a real George S. Patton behind it.
No son of a bitch don't!
This curtain goes!
I had to talk him into doing the movie again.
After he came up here, it took three Amstels to get him to really actually say,
No I'm doing it.
Because he came and saw the show.
He had a yes.
Frankly yes.
But no he didn't say as much.
I'm insecure obviously.
I think he's insecure.
Conversation between two guys whose job is to try to receive people and figure them out.
It was like taking two saucers and trying to make them stick.
We need the China wear equivalent of a penis in here.
Or we need to start mixing metaphors.
But I don't want to insult women by saying we were two vaginas.
Scissoring.
I just want to edit all this out of the movie.
Also I think what it all came down to is I had to promise him,
It's your movie.
I'm not the kind of guy that's going to go,
Hey okay so remember when we got our drive through food and it was wrong.
And I just revealed that my true feelings about just all black people.
Is there any way you could change the N word to N word?
Instead of the N word?
Because it just doesn't, I don't think, you don't think it's going to make a good movie?
No I'm sure it'll make a good movie for you but I would really like to be able to go back home
and get to Marco.
Well I'm looking at whatever this kind of film equivalent of a Pulitzer is.
No but he's, she should be allowed to.
It's got to be a word within the comp.
It must be.
It's got to be some kind of word for a film award.
This is going to work well on the road.
When I can't think of what state we're in.
Where are we? New Mexico and Phoenix people just get over and rape me.
We're not going to have any time to be in any of these towns.
We're going to be in Nashville, Tennessee and we will have seen nothing.
We will be on stage and we might as well be here.
So when I go out in Phoenix on January 10th like I'm going to go,
Okay think of something Phoenix related, get them on your side and I'm going to go,
Hey birds should stay on fire.
You know what you do?
They shouldn't be, they shouldn't be ashes and they're all going to go.
We should think of the list of the cities we know we're going to.
Ask if anybody here is from there or has lived there.
And get some sweet little local nuggets.
Alright.
Anybody from Arizona here? See?
We're going through the curtain at night on this tour.
What I was thinking is like, is there a way to train?
Like can I train?
The two things that make me the most phobic are like audience reaction.
Like I'm used to these guys.
They love each other.
They love me.
They're very good people.
And they're racist.
They're from Los Angeles.
They share a culture.
I've lived here for 15 years or more.
And I don't know.
They're my people.
We're in the back of a comic book store.
Like then you know something's going to be fundamentally different.
Besides just barometric pressure, which is a huge thing.
It's not to be quibbled with.
I've been in Denver.
I got a nosebleed at the airport.
And I forgot to take the pot out of my girlfriend's purse.
And we were there for an extra six hours.
It was like, all because of the little, little, little altitude.
And I wasn't performing.
I was just trying to get some pot back home.
Now do you know that there's a hard, fast rule that you cannot take a shit on the tour bus?
You know that, right?
That's a rule.
I mean, I know that Dave Matthews Band broke that rule.
I heard that story about the Dave Matthews Band.
Like, I guess there's a hose that comes off the bus.
It's like a poop hose that you can just like, I don't know, the tour manager.
Like, just was like, all right, we're breaking a minor rule.
But there's so much poop in there.
I mean, it's the Dave Matthews Band.
They work hard.
They poop harder.
Oh, I've heard that music.
Let's, let's, let's, let's, let's, let's, let's some of this pressure off.
Let's give the kids a break.
They've earned it.
And they just kind of hit the release valve.
And I guess it just sprayed all over some, some boat passing by where a guy was like,
here's another thing, huh?
They were going over the river.
There was a ferry underneath it.
And they emptied it and hit all those people on the ferry.
My description was pretty accurate.
She said they were on the Chicago, there was a Chicago river and they were on a bridge
and they dumped it over the bridge and they said, hey, ferry, it landed on the ferry.
Yeah.
Or as I call it, a record release by the Dave Matthews Band.
Hit all over your head.
They did, they did set one Dave Matthews record.
Those people will all be remembering that release for years.
Dave Matthews Band and Blues Traveler can get in a fucking boat and die.
They're the fucking worst.
No, no.
Stand up Blues Traveler supporters.
Show yourself.
Adam Goldberg, I knew that.
You fucking.
Yeah.
Yes.
Praise her Caesar.
Did you, did you see the weird stance that Adam just made?
I'm going to, I'm going to do.
I don't know how to differentiate weird from not weird stances with that.
I'm going to just, I'm going to describe it first and then do it.
He did.
Adam stood up and did that.
He stood up for the Dave Matthews Band.
And then, and then while people jeered, he, he did a stance that I'm going to the label
and diagnose.
I'll come up if you want me to come up.
He went, he went.
So, so do the, do the Dave Matthews thing and then I'll stand up and be Adam Goldberg
and do what he did.
Dave Matthews can go fuck themselves.
You kind of, you kind of did like Peter Pan flying like waiting for the wires to do their trick.
Kind of a snack.
You same bolts in the starting blocks.
Ready to come up.
All right.
Maybe later, Adam.
Wait, so, wait, Dave Matthews.
I'm not saying it's, you can't poop on the tour bus because you're not supposed to release
it on tourist's heads as you're going over.
Everyone's in the bathroom.
No, no, because you live on a bus and you poop on a bus and it smells like poop forever
for the rest of the trip.
There's no going backwards from that.
You are now living in a Chevron men's restroom and you're not supposed to do it.
You have to ask the driver to pull over and say, I'm going to go make it, you know, make
a tutu.
Can they make a tutu?
I don't know.
We got to make Saskatchewan by 1300 to her talk.
But I got to make a tutu.
A tutu is going to have to make a kazoo.
When we get to, when we get to Flagstaff.
He's bounding down loaded with a van trucker.
He thinks Saskatchewan's in the US.
I really am that.
I don't.
I'm about to take my lack of...
Where do you think Saskatchewan is?
Do you know where Saskatchewan is?
It's in Canada.
Where though?
Precisely.
It's right above the US.
I've lived here my whole life.
I know where Saskatchewan is.
My bed.
You go like, I was like, Chicago's down, Saskatchewan's up.
From Milwaukee.
But for some reason you go through Michigan,
even though it's also down.
Where's Belgium?
That's, that's, that's East.
For sure.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, he's good.
Yeah.
All right.
But if you go West long enough, I also know you can go everything's also West.
Because it's like Pac-Man.
I know that you will...
It's not the most efficient thing,
but it could be the most strategic in a pinch.
You take the, take the tunnel.
Sometimes you got to do it.
Pac-Man fans.
Well, didn't you self-anoint yourself as Pac-Man?
Wasn't that your nickname for a while?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
In the 80s, like how many people, I don't know,
you don't have to applaud or anything, but like,
there's like a thing, I think this is like an American thing, like,
because we're so capitalist and like consumerist,
whatever you call it, a snobby languageist.
Like, you are defined by what you consume and like,
you know, there's not a ton of roller-ranks or anything to it.
You start buying, you know, you're like,
oh, I'm into Shira.
That's my thing.
Like, I'm the Shira person.
Like, you look for an identity.
I think it's a lot easier.
I think that's why kids seem cooler now.
It's not just because I'm getting old.
It's because they have like a subscriber base.
They can just be into like bands that they, you know,
that a normal kid would never have heard of.
But now you kind of have to, as a kid, you have to survive.
You have to kind of pick through scraps and like,
pick your own bird food.
You can't just wait for mama to pop in your mouth.
Dave Matthews in your mouth.
Can't wait for that tour bus to pull up,
put his hose down here, down your little baby bird billet.
That's so great.
Hey guys.
You know.
You're going to miss this when we're gone.
Yeah.
Yeah, we'll be back.
Are we going to have a triumphant return back here?
Our last show should be here, right?
That's what Neil was asking in the green room.
He was saying like, so you're going on tour.
Neil, who shall remain unnamed.
Neil Berkeley filmmaker.
Mr. Fly on the Wall.
Right.
Mr. Wizard.
Mr. Dumbledore.
Was that the good guy?
We went through this.
I don't know the person.
No tangents.
Zero tangent show tonight.
Zero tangent show.
We got a lot to talk about.
He said, he was saying something that was interesting.
I was like, do you, well, do you, you know,
you're going out on a big 20 city tour or whatever it is.
I keep saying 20.
I'm making it up.
But you have an opportunity to come up with a theme at the top of it.
I was like, I think he was just, he wasn't,
he didn't really mean that.
He just knew that that would make me launch into a thing
about how the theme wouldn't, we just have to go out there
and do nothing and hope for the best.
Then he said, this is, I had not considered,
I think this is a valid point.
He being my dad, if this isn't the movie,
we'll pretend that it wasn't Neil that said this.
But I thought it was profound.
He said, well, what about these people out here?
You're going to be gone for all that time.
They're going to be listening to you every night
because we're going to podcast.
We're taking Dustin Marshall, our producer with us out there.
And we're going to be pumping out the jams every night.
I don't expect you to listen to it every night,
but do you guys like nightly jams?
Yeah.
Do you like them pumped out?
All over your face underneath a bridge?
Yeah.
That's what we're talking about.
We're going to Dave Matthews this shit.
Yeah.
What a word you say.
Don't look up too much.
What a fairy truth.
Is that one of their songs?
I don't know if they got it.
Then they get these poor people.
They start out, if I know my fairy terminology,
like a fairy takes you from one place to another.
So you're like, yeah.
People are just like, well, there's only one way
to get from Racine to Sheboygan.
Let's get on this here contraption.
And so there are people on there with a legitimate,
they're like, I drove my car into this thing
because I prefer driving, thank you.
Oh, father, stop it.
You're just on a boat for a goddamn minute.
It's not the Poseidon adventure.
Just relax.
What's the worst thing you can do?
I don't know why I can't get in my old station wagon
and just drive to Sheboygan and stuff.
Sid, will you always do this when we're on?
I'm just telling you that change is bad.
Oh, brother.
What a word you say.
Into the remnant.
How does that help here?
I'm down in Seattle.
Because at least it was like,
it was like, ZZ Top Shit idea.
Yeah, it's kind of cool.
It's something for dad to enjoy.
That was David Lee Roth.
Oh, all right.
Loved Panama.
Lost my virginity to it.
Who's Dave Matthews?
Hey, dad, I'll play something for you.
Well, now I got shit on twice.
Easy target, easy fishing about.
Oh, no, fuck them. They're the worst.
You know that they had to,
they were like, fuck, this is not a good dot
for people to be able to connect.
We are now famous for taking a shit on people.
It's like when you name your show,
worst show ever.
I'm sure that like, I'm sure.
Everything you and I have said
has been well-tilled soiled by comics
ever since that happened.
I just don't know, but holy fuck.
Also, in the same boat accident where they all died,
Smash Mouth isn't that boat, too.
Smash Mouth may automatically
go fuck off and disappear forever,
because they're the worst.
Did you ever hear the thing on the YouTube?
You can go on.
It seems to be systematically
like it's getting redacted, but there was a thing.
First of all, you can hear
David Lee Roth doing like,
I can't remember what song it is.
Is it Panama?
It's David Lee Roth just as vocals.
That's a very awkward thing
to subject a vocal artist to.
Like, that is not there.
Nobody wants to be heard that way necessarily,
but it just goes to shit.
Like, David Lee Roth's got some pipes.
It's amazing. He sounds silly.
He sounds like an amazing, silly man
with an amazing, silly throat,
capable of hitting amazing, silly notes,
and like, is totally into his job
and got hired for that job for a reason.
And there's another one that's exactly like it.
That's the Smash Mouth guy,
and it's such a fucking like, it's such a trip.
It's such a bummer.
If anybody can find that, let's play it.
Can anybody pull it up on their phone
and we can play it through the mic right now?
Nah, don't worry about it. Just Google it.
Last week here at the space,
we called Chevy on the phone.
Chevy Chase.
And asked him, asked him if he could come play.
He got the voicemail.
He got his voicemail and left a message asking
if he could come play Judges and Dragons
with us here this week.
He called me back promptly the next day
and was very, very sweet and cool.
And he and I have always gotten along,
really? Yeah, I just hated working with him.
I just, I tell you,
when it comes to like understanding a person,
like, oh, God help me.
I've never understood a man better.
Just my time with him in the trailer,
like hearing him like talk about
how my show wasn't funny and stuff like that.
In between that stuff though,
he was saying things that I understood.
I was like, yeah, I know how you feel.
Like, I don't want to die either.
And I want to punch God in the face
and everyone that represents
is sloppy work too, you know?
I deserve better than this too.
Like, I, but,
so he and I have always, I mean,
I honestly, I would,
do you have his voicemail?
I do use the term loosely,
but I would call him a friend.
Did you answer the phone or do you have his reply
on your phone? Oh, no, no.
He and I talked for like 20 minutes.
He, I don't think he knows what voicemail is
but I said, I said,
did you hear the voicemail and he said
he was going to go listen to it.
But I texted him this morning because it was like,
but he's in New York. He was going to come.
You should know that he's,
well, actually that bums you out, doesn't it?
But,
well, not to throw him under the bus,
but the idea of him coming
was about as good as it was going to get.
I think he would have walked out
and you would have gone like, holy shit!
And then he would have started talking
and he would have been like, shit!
Hello, what you see?
It's just the layman's opinion.
He's said worse about my
acumen, so we're even Stephen.
We can both take it.
But anyways, he, I wanted to point that out
that Charlie Chase after all this.
But he may come. He still may come, right?
Not tonight. No, no, no. Not tonight, but like, eventually.
Oh, yeah. No, he's more likely
to come than anybody, because he's like,
I don't know, he loves, like, I'll tell you one thing
about him that's really amazing.
He's never been a refuse nick in terms of like,
he loves people loving him.
And people who run up
to him on the street
and just go, holy shit!
You were fletched. Like, he does not go.
Yeah, go fuck yourself. Like, I'm sick of that shit.
He goes like, yeah, I was.
I was.
And like,
I was on the set
once there was a guy making hot dogs
and like, then he was like, you know,
he's like, holy shit, fucking Chevy Chase,
give it to Chevy Chase, a hot dog, man,
it's fucking crazy. And I was like, standing
in line behind Chevy, going like, ah, come on,
don't be tacky hot dog guy.
You know, the culture, like, treat him like a living ghost
or you might lose your job, you never know it.
Like, like, like, like half of the,
90% of the actors might walk away and go like,
hot dog vendor, acknowledge to my fame.
Uh, lose it, you know.
Uh, but Chevy was like,
like, I mean, he just plays, like,
like everything that would be in that guy's
fantasy, everything in his head that was
telling him, just say something
better that you do than if you don't.
Like, Chevy affirms that
all the time and anybody that, like,
like, accosts him. And he was like,
he's like, can I call my sister?
My sister's not going to believe this. And I'm like, again, pushing it.
Come on, you got the thing. Chevy takes the
phone and goes like, hey, who is this?
Who is this? He starts fucking around with
the guy's sister, like, walked away
with the phone, talked to her for 20 minutes, came back.
The guy was, like, pissing,
like, hot dog, uh,
vendor, Pete. He was pissing
regular urine. They're human.
Shame on you.
But Dan, isn't
the show...
They don't piss hot dogs.
They're human
beings.
This is why I gotta get out of L.A.
You guys just immediately
think a hot dog vendor. I bet they pee hot dogs.
No. They vote.
Not in Nashville, they don't.
You're going to learn that the hard way.
No, come on. Nashville's great.
Yeah.
Just practicing for Nashville, guys.
But isn't this
show kind of one long call to your friends,
to a stranger's girlfriend?
Wouldn't he, like, the
non-refusinic part of him, wouldn't he love this?
No, because he doesn't like
the people he works with. He doesn't like...
Is that what you're asking?
Isn't this a good setup for him?
Oh, yeah, yeah. That's what I'm saying.
He'll be here for sure. But will he be good here?
It sounds like he'll pee. No.
He won't pee. He'll freak people out.
He'll be like, oh, what's going on?
What's happening?
And then everyone will go, oh, that's a bit.
And then you'll...
He'll call me Doug Herman.
And you'll be like, fucking classic.
Always forgets the name.
And then he'll...
I don't know, man. I'm telling you.
I think it's a coin toss.
I think if you're going to be a bummer,
like you think, or some sort of weird,
magical breakthrough will happen.
That would be cool. I've learned
one thing for sure. Keep it above
board. Keep calling
him out. Don't
chuckle nervously and go,
okay, Doug, we gotta...
Just go like, what the fuck are you talking about?
No, that he has a chance
to respond. I will go to my grave
a happy little asshole
if we can get Chevy
to either play Dungeons & Dragons
with us, or
freestyle rap.
Yeah.
I think he's got a rap in him.
Well, you know, he actually, classically does.
He had a rap album like when he was like
in his 20s. No, he did.
Google it.
Our website, we should have a link.
You should be able to click on that moment
on the podcast. We will. We will have a website.
You can click on all this stuff.
It's true.
No, we won't, but never will.
Never will. No, Shahruz, our webmaster,
had a...
He had some kind of family, or no, personal...
He had a...
Shahruz is what? What were you...
I was just laughing at some kind of family.
Oh, Shahruz has got some kind of family.
I don't know.
I guess it's an Indian name.
It's probably like a thousand people.
Hey, what's going on over there?
No, that's racist horrible
shitty edited out.
Wait, watch it.
The Shahruz, our
web genius,
I think he...
Something happened, like it was doubled up.
He ripped something in his leg
so his leg was useless, and then he got in a car accident
or the other way around.
They weren't related. There were two things that
should go together, but... Is he okay?
Yeah, he's fine. I mean, fuck him.
Get back to work.
Where is our website?
He had a lot of shit happening,
and we're probably not paying him
very much, if anything.
Well, I'm not.
I don't check my own books, so...
He may have embezzled millions of dollars.
Are we paying
Neal Berkeley?
Yeah, well, Neal is...
Neal doesn't exist, first of all.
Neal doesn't exist.
No, he's fucking behind me right now.
He's like Drop Dead Fred
or any of the characters from
Inside Herman's Head
or Right's Head Fred
or...
Thank you, Harmon.
I tried to string
three rhyming 80s references.
You almost got there.
Third one wasn't about an imaginary character, though.
Neal is...
Neal, this is a labor of love for him.
He's in it for the art.
He's not getting paid? Well, if the movie
makes money, we'll give him some.
Am I getting paid?
You will be a salaried employee
of Harmontown Incorporated, which is just formed.
I just want to sit in the bus
and sit in my pajamas
and play ukulele and sing Pringles Dick
and just be alive for the ride.
Pringles is in the writer, by the way.
We're having Pringles cans on the tour bus.
We've got to drop a budget.
We've got to deal with these things.
Neal and I were talking and Neal, who does not exist
and is not affecting the movie at all.
After three Amstels
getting him to agree to do the thing
and further talking about what we could do,
Neal Berkeley did almost anything after
three Amstels.
He said that...
What a work, dude, sir!
He will shit up a bridge in your head.
That's called an
ultra Danny Thomas.
There's a giant coffee table
under the...
over the ferry.
You've got three people
on that reference.
At Kansas Deli, Danny Thomas,
comedian, father-in-nose best, Lebanese descent,
great comedian, lovely man,
apparently like to poop on coffee tables.
People poop on coffee tables above him.
That was his thing.
Apparently, who knows, it could be the Richard Gere,
gerbil thing, like we don't know.
But at Kansas Deli,
and I'm almost certain this is the truth, I remember this,
there's the...
The number one is the Jackie Gleason,
the number three is the Bob Hope,
that's the corned beef or whatever.
The number two was the Danny Thomas.
And it was a hot roast beef salad,
which looks like a
turd on a bun.
And it was the fucking number two,
and I know a woman whose family
or as a part owner of Kansas,
and they cannot verify if that was a happy accident
or just a
mischief.
Men you mischief.
The number two.
He liked to be shit up.
Anyways, this guy who doesn't exist
that I was talking to about the show
and the possibilities of going on tour
did point out that he felt that his colleagues
who came to the show for the first time
who don't know Dan Harmon from Fuck All
nor Harmontown, and they're just professionals
coming to a show, they said above and beyond
that D&D was the highlight of the show
and that it would be a crime to not do D&D
on the road when we go to these different cities.
So Spencer is asking
off of work,
which is a decision he'll forever go.
APPLAUSE
And Dustin's coming with us,
which means that we will be
a mobile D&D pumping
like, uh,
Mobisode.
My dream
is to start a Mobisode company
but approach the Mobisodes
as if they're Webisodes.
I'm tired
of Mobisodes having their own
standard. I want,
like, why did we stop thinking of them
as Webisodes? Why did we stop
thinking of them as Webisodes?
There's things that you do for a Webisode.
You put a minimal amount of the money
left over from your TV show into them.
You hire a non-union crew.
You, uh,
you do almost nothing. Why can't you do
that for Mobisodes?
Did you make up Mobisodes?
No, I did not.
No? Somebody's already said that?
No, that and the word Webinar
exists.
They get to go on the Smash Mouth boat.
They just made the boat.
Webinar. Webinar.
So if you watch the Webinar,
it's like a Webinar on the Web.
It's a...
I worked with, uh,
what the fuck is his name?
Webinar with Donaldson.
Steve O'Donnell, a writer,
he was a Letterman's writer forever.
He and I had a love of,
kind of a love-hate relationship
with word combinations.
Snacketizers,
like you hate them.
Or appetizers,
or stuff like that.
He used to give me voicemails.
He goes, hey, Jeff, it's Steve O'Donnell.
Steve O'Donnell?
I'm on a plane right now, taxing in LaGuardia,
and I'm looking through the SkyMall magazine,
and I'm reading about an electric
blanket that boasts of its stimulaxing
qualities.
Stimulax.
The only good one I've ever heard.
The only one that actually can sign off on
is that my brother used to be a bartender
at the chart house, the seafood restaurant.
And every year, they would have their annual
Xcrabaganza.
And that's a fucking goodie.
That's a goodie.
You come up with Xcrabaganza, I'm in your corner.
Also, the only, spooktacular is good.
A haunted house. Spooktacular is so good
that there's no such thing as a spectacular anymore.
I don't think anyone,
has anyone here been to a spectacular
since 98?
It's only spooktaculars now.
But not fucking Webinar.
No Webinar. Webinar is dumb.
Mobisode. Here's the difference between Xcrabaganza
and
Spooktacular and Webinar.
No one wants to go to a fucking seminar.
No one wants to be on the web. No one wants you
combining anything in that area. No wonder how much
you combine, you're not going to make it fascinating.
Fuck you. It's just a shitty
guy telling me how to do my job.
I don't want nutraceuticals either.
We don't need it. You can do all the
dandying you want with all the syllables
in the world, but a boring job
is a boring job.
It's not a
adventure-tunity.
I knew somebody that worked at a camp and they were
their title and they had a business card.
The poor fucker.
Director of edutainment.
Why not?
No.
Absolutely not.
We'll just give you a taste.
You guys be
Phoenix.
Just run me through some scenarios.
I want to start training for the tour.
This show and then the next show we do
and then I believe the next time
I go on stage in front of a microphone
I will be in front of a sober
sober jury of
Phoenician eyes.
They're called Phoenicians, right?
Yes.
Or Carthaginians.
Depending on if they're loyal.
Sorry about that.
I don't know.
I just want to run through the ringer
a little bit. I can't prepare for everything,
but you guys are so loving all the time.
Can you just boom me?
Have Jeff introduce me and then just...
All right, well try this.
Do this. Be unimpressed with me
and then
whatever thought I launch into
let it hit a button for you.
You want me to do like fake intros
where you come on, say hello Phoenix
and like do a couple and do you want to
just be in the middle of it?
Yeah, fire something up. Do it exactly as you can.
So I'm going to come up just basically
just sit in silence. Like you're a crowd
you paid ten dollars.
This is some bullshit. Or pretend you paid
a thousand.
And no one's going to pay a thousand.
I'm just saying like get yourself in the zone.
And you're like
who's this guy?
I came to the chuckle back
steakhouse.
Even from the name, I'm in a bad mood
because it doesn't rhyme
with anything.
All right everybody, welcome to the chuckle back
steakhouse. Phoenix, Arizona, put your hands together
for the mayor of Harmontown.
Dan Harmon!
Yo
I fucked your mama. Fuck her in the mouth.
I fucked your mama in the north and the south.
I fucked your mama.
I fucked her good.
I fucked your mama in her neighborhood.
I said fuck your mama. Fuck your mama until she dies.
I fucked your mama because I love
pizza pies.
Alright cool, alright cool cool cool.
Now Dan you had him, you had him.
Phoenix, how you doing everybody?
Alright guys, take it easy guys.
Take it easy.
Phoenix, I love you guys.
I love it here
in New Mexico.
I'm not prepared for it.
Alright.
I don't know how to get them back when that happens.
Austin, Texas, put your hands together
for the mayor of Harmontown.
It's first time at the Taj Mahal.
Welcome
Dan Harmon!
Texas!
Not starting with a rap.
Learned my lesson in Phoenix. Fuck Phoenix, right?
Fuck Phoenix!
Yeah!
I fucked your mama
because the bitch is from Phoenix.
I fucked her in her mouth and her penis.
She's got a penis.
I fucked the bitch is from Phoenix.
Transgender awareness is keenest.
Oh no, I'm sorry, I forgot
I forgot Austin is
the transgender capital of the
south
I'm sorry.
Nashville, Tennessee
Welcome to Chuckle Muffins
Put your hands together
for the Mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan
Harmon!
Tennessee, yo, my dick is big and it's big as Tennessee, everyone's dick is in Tennessee
as big as mine, fuck your mamas, fuck, fuck, alright, Tennessee, Tennessee, let's not rap
in Tennessee, Tennessee, thank you so much for having me, it's so fucking great to be
here, I'm so sorry about the election results, you know what, it was a squeaker and my audience
is liberal, I meant I was sorry about them because of how much of a squeaker it was,
it shouldn't have been, you should have been right because you guys voted for the right
person, Tennessee, I heard I wanted too much from a Tennessean and the, alright, hey fuck
you Tennessee, fuck you, fuck you buddy, it's not worth it, it's not worth it, nobody, nobody
leaves with a camera, lock the doors, send them to the assassination trench, that's when
you find out I got billions of dollars, there's just hover copters come down, now based on
what you've learned on your first three stops, I don't know what I've learned, let it wash
over you, now let's just thrust ourselves right into the middle of Tallahassee, Florida,
this is the second act, the meeting with the goddess of Tallahassee, my dad beat me real
hard, that's why I drink, I drink in the backyard, I'm trying to open myself up to you, Tallahassee,
what you saying, we're gonna do, we're gonna get everyone up on stage, Tallahassee get
everybody off stage, I say everyone, you get everybody off stage, Tallahassee, fuck you
Tallahassee, come and fuck with us, put it away, fuck you guys, fuck you guys, fuck you
But I grabbed him for a second and I was like we gotta go out and have a drink and talk
because he did the comedians a comedy thing and it's like there's gotta be something
to learn from Patton Oswald.
This is not all the more so because we're not doing comedy.
So we're not comedians of comedy, we're comedians of deception.
We can't play musical instruments and I don't mean to say we, you'll be fine.
Ladies and gentlemen, Boston, Massachusetts, midway through the show, the very Boston Adam
Goldberg comes up on stage.
Hey!
Wait, wait!
Fuck you!
You don't know me, man!
Adam!
How did you know I was gonna fucking do that?
We bring up the Boston Cliff Clayton version of Adam Goldberg, and you were already on
your fucking feet.
We were coming at the same joke from different angles, it's like, if you were gonna say Boston,
I'm thinking I'm gonna sneak into Boston.
That's uncanny.
But I really was gonna do a bit, we're gonna bring up the Boston U, and you were half-wit.
Oh, the Boston May.
I sure love 2009.
What up?
How did you know?
It's so weird.
You just fucking knew.
Dan, did you have to get your own vodka?
I was actually getting Adams.
Oh, yeah, right.
I'm trained now.
Boston vodka.
I know it makes them tick, and I know it makes them sleepy.
I'm learning bad parenting lessons already.
And that is why the Statue of Liberty is not a big deal.
That's why the Statue of Liberty, and Ellis Island, and Governor's Island, not so great.
Look, you're supposed to be doing this on a Boston accent right now.
Sorry, I stuttered instead of laughing at that really good joke.
It's quite solid.
Hey, Aaron said you're not allowed to drink on your medicine.
No, Aaron says I get really drunk really easily when I drink on my medicine.
All right.
Don't snitch.
Take your roommates' lies and appreciate having said them.
Wow.
That's it.
You know what?
It's like fucking big.
It's just like being in Boston, actually.
This is the wickedest return in this show.
You take that.
Fuck it.
Bride the tea on that thing.
Boston is in that.
Boston can be very angry.
Anyone from here from Boston?
Anybody?
No?
Really?
That's just what the fuck is going on.
Boston can be kind of an angry town.
They're in Jocular.
And really, really racist.
Like, that's our reputation just because we had severe busing riots.
Well, you're from there?
Yeah.
When you can't do the accent?
I was born when I'm tired.
I can do the accent when...
Jeff, Jeff, you're like Davis, like the square, right?
Jeff Davis Square.
You ride the tea in that thing.
Oh, my God.
You lay-skinned motherfucker.
You lay-skinned motherfucker coming in, calling Somerville past, and that's retarded.
That's good.
There we have it.
Adam Goldberg, everybody.
All right.
Spencer, get up and start setting up your D&D equipment.
Wait, Dan, Dan, did you notice that?
I said Adam Goldberg, and he actually walked off the stage.
Yeah, he's not.
Yeah.
No, wait a minute.
We're training him like Shamu.
Yeah, yeah.
But slowly his little flipper, his fins are going to start to droop over, and he's going
to lose all spirit.
Yeah.
Woo!
He's...
Somebody just, woo!
Lose that spirit!
We have to take a secret ballot of whether people are on or not on Adam's side at some point.
Well, we had that conversation with Dustin, and I, when we were editing it, Dustin was
like, what do you think?
And I was like, because we actually, we cut out for those of you...
And I feel a little bit bad about this, only in the sense of like, I put myself in Adam's
shoes listening to the most recent recording, where it was basically the only thing I had
time to cut out was all of Adam.
I was so behind schedule because we skipped Thanksgiving, and people are like clamoring
that your most important fans are the people that can do without you the least.
You want to let them down the least, and I know they're the craziest, but they're the
most important.
You want to keep feeding them, or your audience will hate you.
So I have so much shit to do right now, I'm trying to write a CBS thing and a Fox thing
and I'm so behind, I got to leave on the 17th for Europe.
My life is a nightmare.
I got these Pat Noswell parties to go to, and I just...
I don't know why that made me gay.
That was a bad choice.
I was trying to be fancy, not gay.
I wasn't doing a thing.
But I pumped it out.
I pumped out the jam.
Like, just Dave Matthews did all over the fucking airwaves.
But the one thing I did have time to cut out was Adam Goldberg coming up and reading his
journals.
I read my journals, and then Adam comes up and reads his journals.
Adam was 24.
He read his journals from his phone from when he was 20.
It didn't have the same panache.
It wasn't the... but there was other stuff I could have edited over time.
But I didn't get surgical about the backup because I just ran out of time.
So it's me and Jesus Diaz talking about the woes of being creative and not fulfilling it.
That's unedited.
But anyways, the big question is, yeah, and it's not a question I want you guys to answer
necessarily because, again, I say it's a coin landing on its edge.
Like, when are we on Adam's side and when are we against him?
I was very fascinated by his journals from four years ago because it was a glimpse into
a time when Barack Obama was still in office.
It was really an amazing flashback.
When Adam was journaling with his phone back then.
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't know, man.
I know that sometimes I feel like when we bring Adam up and then I try to ride the line,
like, I want the audience to know, it's like, look, this guy doesn't have a golden ticket
or anything.
Don't get mad at him.
We'll make fun of him.
But then he sits down and then sometimes I feel like, oh, did we just make fun?
What am I?
Howard Stern?
I got like a whack pack?
Like, now what am I doing?
Like, remember when the guy that was sitting there, where's Big Red?
Big Red?
He's not here?
Yeah.
I took care of Big Red.
Adam, if we find out that Big Red has been killed, you're under indictments immediately.
Last week, Adam just said, I took care of Big Red from the audience.
I love Big Red.
Come back, Big Red.
Last week, there was this guy sitting over here, this huge laugh, super giggly, like really
infectious, and everyone loved him.
And it was like, there's a big guy with red hair, and his name was Big Red, and we brought
him up, and he was, sorry, I'm Big Red.
And every question he answered, it's like, what's your name?
I go, you can call me Big Red.
And I go, are you from the area?
No, no, sir.
He had a laugh like a big Viking dolphin.
It was amazing.
Yeah, like a helium, helium, helium zeppelin full of Norse warriors.
Helium.
But then, this is where I started to feel like a bully, because I was like, we have Big Red
up, so I was like, oh, it's a new character.
And then I started doing the bid of like, oh, I bet Adam Goldberg's really jealous.
We brought Adam up.
And then at one point, Adam, of course, he goes like, oh, fuck Big Red, or he mocked
Big Red's laugh or something, like, Adam's not a hateful person.
He's diabolical.
He's calculating.
He's anything but human.
But he's robotic.
He's a million flaws, fundamental ones, fundamental ones, like carbon-based flaws.
But I don't think he is a hateful person.
I don't think he's like petty.
I think all of us are kind of like in a big worm nerd hug here, kind of.
The point is that you're not a bully.
But I felt like I was pitting.
I had a flashback that I didn't share with everybody, like the back of the school bus.
I was like, well, that was a bullying technique.
When bullies would pick on me, I remember sometimes then another thing they'd do is they'd go,
hey, Dan, what do you think of so-and-so?
You know what I mean?
It's like a bullying technique.
It made me feel like...
Because then one person goes like, I don't know.
He's wearing a hat.
You go, oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
You're going to take that from him?
And it's just, it's such bullshit.
It's like Nazi bullshit.
I don't like it.
Anyways, I mistakenly crossed that line.
It wasn't intentional.
I just think it was behavioral and not intentional.
I wasn't thinking about it.
It made me to pit Adam against Big Red.
But Adam, if you killed Big Red, that's fucked up.
But, like, I don't know.
Can we have a little...
You have to admire the loyalty.
When Charuse, when Charuse as well again, can we get a little link of maybe it's like
a little Easter egg?
You have to search our website.
For Adam?
Yeah.
It's a really gothy design and music where he's just reading his journal.
Can Adam just come up as a flash animation about the thing?
Are you using Safari?
This website will function in that web browser, but it would work much better in a Linux-based
environment.
Ladies and gentlemen...
Meet me down at the bottom and I'll tell you more.
Let's reintroduce...
This is the tour section.
You'll find all kinds of concert information and ticket links for all available dates.
See you on the next page.
I found the Goldbug.
Remember the Richard Scarry books and the Goldbug?
Goldberg, Goldbug?
Adam Goldbug.
It can't be.
It can't be a coincidence.
Do you know he calls his car the Goldsmobile?
That's riveting.
He also does better than Chevy would up here.
I'm telling you that.
Huh?
I'm telling you.
Oh, get them of her together.
Yeah.
Chevy would just burst into flames.
Can we like...
Are you a queer or...
Can we do like a mock-up of...
Fuckface.
Let's do a mock-up of family feud and make them play each other.
My targeting system's offline again.
Let's introduce our Dungeon Master who has been patiently sitting at her Spencer, everyone.
The Ayatollah of 20-sided Rola.
I don't know.
The Duke of Dice.
That's the only one.
That's it.
The King of the Caliph of Character Sheet.
The Prince of Pencils.
There's always a Sultan of something.
Sultan of...
I like saving throws.
The Sultan of saving throws.
Thank you.
Nerd alert.
Oh wait, that doesn't work here.
Spencer, if you would be so kind, bring us up to date on the campaign.
Alright, let me just let this come down a bit.
When we last met, our heroes had come upon a new old village.
While contemplating their next move, the party was ambushed by Yerch the Knoll.
The Knoll identified himself as an allied Knoll of the Blackpaw tribe
and temporary second in command of the Butts Barbarians.
Yerch told the heroes that this camp belonged to the vile white school Knolls
and Quark talked to squirrels and shit.
Soon our heroes found themselves in a pit trap facing a deadly gelatinous cube.
Through the magic of unnatural male enhancement and a critical stomp,
the foe was felled and the friends found freedom.
The Knoll encampment lie ahead and Sharpie's blood-tracking spell pulled them ever forward.
Now you should get her up here.
Do you want to bring Erin?
Erin McGathy?
Alright, well there's a character secret ahead.
Thank you.
No, I know, I know.
Spencer has become Erin's guardian in D&D.
There's nothing to apologize, I sleep with her.
I understand the instinct to protect her.
I can't see enough of her.
Welcome Erin McGathy to the stage.
For better or for worse?
I just spilled vodka all over my face.
For worse?
I was pinching the cup and I squirted vodka in my face.
I will hide the ring a week longer.
No biggie.
Was that a don't joke about that?
This feels terrible.
The right response is don't fucking joke about marrying your girlfriend, it's not funny.
It's irresistible sometimes.
Women love jokes about pretending to not want to marry them.
It's their favorite thing.
Or just teeing up like, yeah, I was married, always hilarious, always helps your relationship.
Good news, I squirted vodka all over my face because I'm wasted, so I won't remember anything.
I always do remember, we make the mistake of playing D&D at the last point in the show,
so no matter how sober I am when I come up here, I'm always like,
I'm wrapped by Spencer's description of what we did last week.
Blackpaw Knowles, you say.
Where are we standing, Spencer?
You guys just got out of the pit that you escaped from and now you're running again towards the village.
So it's me, the village where my dad was going to meet these...
You came upon the village after casting a blood spell and it pulled you towards your father.
And it led you here and then you encountered Yurch and fell in the hole.
And these are the bad noles.
I just read all this stuff.
The camp is the bad noles, right?
It's a bad nole camp.
Bad nole camp, yes.
But we're with a good nole guide.
Yeah, he ran away though.
Remember, you pulled a sword on him and then he ran away.
We pulled a sword on him?
Yeah.
Were we drunk?
Yeah, probably.
Do you remember pulling a sword on our guide?
Dude, all I remember was talking to squirrels.
It was good.
It was terrible.
So we know these are bad noles, but what's the reason that we want to go in there?
Well, my dad is...
Is he a captive in there or something?
Well, here's what I remember.
My dad had a deal with the dwarves where...
Not the dwarves.
My dad had a deal with the good noles that they were going to go take out bad noles along the way.
This is what our good nole guide said.
And they were going to take out a bad nole camp and that was going to be kind of like a quid pro quo thing.
I'll say it right later.
In ADR.
And then Neil will insist on it.
He's a very rigorous, post-productive director.
Neil Berkeley, everybody.
A famous filmmaker.
Documentary.
Did you know that Wayne White wasn't even in Beauty is Embarrassing?
I didn't know that.
Neil made that character up.
Really?
He wore a fake beard.
And pretended to have worked on Pee-wee Herman.
And just shot himself the whole way.
He loves being on camera.
He loves being involved.
He's the Dan Harmon of Documentarians.
He ends up making everything about himself.
He just rolls around in a bed of mirrors.
So many cuts.
So many cuts all over his body.
If Neil Berkeley ain't in it, it ain't a Neil Berkeley feature.
He chomps a cigar and says that.
That's all in his car.
All right.
Stop it.
Can I use move silently to go into the cave?
Yeah, you can try and move silently.
Yeah.
Let's roll for it.
Ha-ha!
Silence.
No, thanks, sir.
You can't say things out loud when you're moving silently.
You just wasted a move silently.
You're making a bunch of ruckus.
Indeed, you do make a bunch of ruckus as you make your way towards the Knoll Village.
Here we go.
Even still, no one seems to take notice of you.
All right.
You do notice flames licking the skins of the dwellings of the Knolls.
And smoke billows out into the sky.
You can hear the sounds of screaming and shouting and the ringing of clashing blades.
Oh, your dad's in there kicking ass right now.
He's been here.
Let's go in and help.
These licking flames remind me a lot of the belt that used to lick my ass.
Wait.
Your dad licked your ass?
No, his belt did.
His belt?
How do you know it was his belt?
It's a magical belt.
Because it was hard and held his pants up.
That's called his dick.
His dad hit him with a belt.
You weren't there.
I'm just going on what you give me.
Sharpie, I must confess.
I am 4,000 years old and I was there.
Jesus.
Her face is covered in vodka.
I feel like there's a battle going on and we owe it to the memory at least of the kinship of your father to go in there and help in this battle.
Alright, let's head towards the fray.
Yes, I have many arrows.
Let's go.
Shoot him one at a time.
Arriving at the village, you're met with a grisly scene.
Flames consume the tall grasses surrounding the bone dwellings and wooden furniture, animal hides and all sorts are on fire.
A few of the huts are collapsed as if devastated by a single blow and the corpses.
Knolls lie slain in pools of their own blood, some with vicious gashes.
Others with broken backs and necks and still others torn asunder or cleft in twain.
You hear the pounding of massive feet shaking the earth and then you see him.
Lord Mango Buttsalot.
Mango.
Can I cheat up his entrance and just let me keep looking at the corpses and then I go, what dire force wrought this?
And then you hear the, and the puddles of blood shiver, you know?
Yeah.
And then he's coming.
Your chief of the Butz Barbarian, standing seven feet tall, boasting 380 pounds of raw muscle. The barbarian chief's body is burning red with a bloodlust of a barbarian rage.
Clad in studded leather armor and wearing a dazzling and magnificent multicolored dream cloak, red, blue and yellow, the colors of the Buttsalot tribe.
He also wears a great horned helmet and a dazzling magic belt.
Upon seeing you, he just...
I think I know where this is going.
Upon seeing you, he charges, barreling at inhuman speeds towards you, swinging a massive anchor as easily as with a were of small wood hatchet and wild dangerous arcs.
He gets like this.
Run!
We have to wait for his berserker rage to settle out.
And the fellow barbarian recognize him and jump in the way of Lord Buttsalot and Sharpie and say, no! This is Sharpie!
I will say that realizing you are a barbarian and you realize that you don't think you can stop a barbarian with words, but you can try that if you'd like.
It's like telling Adam Goldberg to come up on stage later.
Like it's not a...
I can't use my words.
You definitely can.
I mean, I'm just telling you that you know barbarians being a barbarian and they get mindless.
I'm saying get out of it as quickly as I can.
I'm saying he gets like this.
I was raised by a barbarian and I get it.
Let him peter out.
He's in a rage.
He's not going to understand anybody.
You get it, but you're also always fighting against it.
Fighting against what? Him?
You.
What?
And him.
Not by bothered by your idle chit chat.
He charges, pulling into the group of the three of you.
He manages to knock Dan and Jeff high up into the air and they land flat on their backs.
You guys each take two damage.
What?
Motherfucker.
Can I use my bird?
That would have killed me at level one.
Spencer, may I use my bird to deliver a message to Mango?
I don't think you have a bird.
I have a bird.
It says one bird.
Oh, that's a token.
Yeah, yeah, you could.
She's talking about Quall's feather token, you guys.
It's a magical item that summons a bird that can deliver a message.
That's what's happening right here.
Where's your behind the scenes?
I'm sorry.
No, no, no.
I'm just explaining the game because it's hard.
You're frustrated.
Oh, I just sound like a little bitch sometimes.
I'm sorry.
No, no, no, no.
You're my biggest advocate.
You know I sound like a bad guy.
Mulraine is a perfect time to summon a bird.
Two of your friends lie flat on their backs.
Yeah, go get that bird.
Well, I wanted to deliver a message to Mango and let him know that that's a lot is his
son with the bird.
Use your mouth to deliver that message.
Shut up, Adam.
I mean, if my face doesn't deliver that message, my next available turn, I'll use my mouth
to deliver the message.
It's your turn by going, Dad, your noises make no impact on his fragile brain.
Fragile?
So my bird, did my bird never go?
You didn't say a message, so do you want to say a message and then it'll happen?
Yes, yes.
The man that you see before you, the bearded, kind-eyed.
Speed it up.
His face looks like you could swear into it.
The kind-eyed, steel-dicked man that you see before you is your son.
Is that what Ian McKellen whispered to that moth?
I always wondered what he would say to that moth and learn of the rings.
He said some shit and then it went away.
He came back and it's like, what did he say?
Go get the eagles.
Tell them to come by at just the right time.
I can't believe Adam killed big red.
His lips are like soft valleys that giants roll in after long nights to massage their backs
because they're so soft.
Sorry, guys.
There's a limit of 100 words on the spell.
The person that you see is your son.
That's your son, that little beardy.
She said it.
She clicked send.
She did it.
The coin transforms into a beautiful dove and flies right into the ear of Lord Mango Butzalut.
You hear it tweeting softly and then he claps the side of his face and crumples and falls to the ground.
Are you going to kill your dad?
The dad just killed the bird.
He heard your message.
You thought the tad crumbled to the ground?
Why would he kill a bird that talks?
He's crazy.
He's in a berserker rage, you guys.
Butzalut, can we just kill your dad?
He seems shitty.
He just killed a bird who tried to talk to him.
I cast Mage Armor.
You cast Mage Armor.
I stand up and I look him right in the eye.
Prom night style.
I don't get the reference.
I don't see things.
I'm sorry, Sharpie, you sure you don't want to send another bird up there?
Not the movie prom night.
I mean the actual ritual prom night in all adolescents' lives when you finally bear it out and you're fucking dad because he won't give you the keys to the car because he didn't clean your room and you're not supposed to go to prom.
Oh yeah, actual looking gangly and ridiculous and having your first pubescent showdown with your alcoholic shitty...
Pubescent showdown is my favorite band.
Alright, you cast Mage Armor.
You have a lot of favorite bands there.
Get it out of your system, old man.
You couldn't kill me when I was a kid.
Maybe you could finish the job now.
Glowing with magic light, he turns and charges directly at you.
Right eyes, bloodshot.
I hold my ground and squint my eyes because I'm a coward but I've made my decision.
This is how I would like to die.
He hits the axe.
No, I'm sorry, it's an anchor.
He swings the anchor in a wild arc and it strikes you directly in the chest.
He fights with an anchor?
It's like a belt for a boat.
Jesus Christ, my dad.
It strikes you with such force that it shatters your Mage Armor, dissipating it.
I go into a berserker rage and I attack him to defend my friend's honor.
It makes adorable.
So you just jump on him with your sword?
What's my crazy sword one, my flaming sword?
I use my flaming sword and go into a rage and attack.
Pulling out your flaming sword from its sheath, you go into a rage.
It's real great.
Flying into an angry rage, you launch yourself full of adrenaline towards the barbarian warlord
and swing in a masterful, clean stroke.
You miss.
Shit, harmlessly.
There's got to be some item from my childhood that I can show him in a movie.
Cast Magic Scrapbook.
He never participated in my sticker collection.
That's half the reason I left.
Sharpie, didn't you hang out in his basement a lot?
His own work lair?
Isn't there some token or memory from that that you could summon?
That's where you got hit by a belt.
That's the place where it happened.
What did my mom call him?
Mango?
Are there some magazines?
When he hit me and you said my mage armor dispersed, was there any other effect to just take out the mage armor?
You didn't die, right?
Did it hurt me?
It did not.
No, the mage armor took the brunt of your attack there.
So I say, hit me again! I'm your son!
He doesn't respond to your words. He's in a mindless rage.
His tongue lulls and his eyes roll around in his sockets and he unleashes a mighty roar.
Okay, I shoot an arrow at Mango.
You shoot an arrow from your bow. You strike Mango right in the chest.
You guys know this as my dad.
I wanted to say in a different area other than his chest, but he has a big chest, right?
Where are my spells, do I?
Oh, there they are. I found him.
Come on, don't bully me.
So is Mango willing to talk now?
No, he's not.
He charges like a wounded animal despite taking 14 non-lethal damage.
It's just like Dan's dad. Hard skin for no reason, Mango.
Charm person!
Charm person fails to affect mindless ragers.
I use diplomacy.
You can use diplomacy.
I get diplomatic all over him.
You fail to get diplomatic all over him.
I'm sorry, you guys. The dice are sucking.
Guys, I'm sorry. I'm a real piece of shit today.
You shoot an arrow at his feet, like both of his feet. I wait until I'm parallel.
So I can shoot both of his feet with the same arrow.
Yes, and then to the other foot.
Like it's a little real-world road-wheels challenge where your feet are tied together.
That's a pretty tough shot to nail there.
Yeah, I'm pretty shitty reference, but yeah.
You fail to meet your mindless.
Hypnotism!
Is that one of your things that you just want to talk about?
Can I reject that?
Okay. Do you like how they drive through?
Sleep.
Sleep. He's entitled to a will save.
Oh shit. He falls asleep.
I had to learn to do that.
That's my origin story.
Take his belt off while he's sleeping.
Jesus, you guys, that's my dad.
You shot arrows at his chest.
So Manko's asleep right now?
He's asleep.
I run up and take his anchor away from him.
Wait, don't do anything.
I'm just disarming him.
He's got friends that are going to think we're trying to kill him.
I run up and I thrust at his head like I'm humping him.
And then I giggle and I run away and I'm embarrassed.
I look around for allies of my father.
I take a post-it note, draw dick and balls, put it on his forehead.
You succeed.
Nice.
I put his hand in a cup of warm water.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, I'm not going to fly.
I put some dog shit on his finger and tickle his nose.
There's no dog shit.
Just write racist on his forehead.
Check out Instagram.
Sharpie, do you want us to defeat him or do you want him to join us?
My first order of business was to get him to stop killing us.
Second on that list, though, is not have us kill him.
That's my dad.
He came here to meet him.
Of course.
I'm looking around for his attendants.
You don't see any attendants.
The burning Nolan campman seems rather barren.
It seems like everyone who could die is already dead.
Can I give Mango Betsalup my bedroll?
Yeah, well, he's unconscious, so he can't accept it.
Like, you could place it on him or something.
Yeah, I'm going to...
Or you could tuck him in, I guess.
Mulrainee, Mulrainee, put a bedroll on him.
Here's my sincere advice.
He was in a berserker rage.
That's why everyone here is dead.
That's why he's the leader of his tribe.
He's not himself when he's in that mode.
If we tie him up and take all his shit when he wakes up,
he'll actually be pissed at us normal, like sober.
If we just let him have his shit, he'll wake up normal.
He's not going to be in a berserker rage when he wakes up.
Like, he'll be normal.
He's still my dad.
He's not going to kill us when he wakes up.
Sharpie, when was the last time that you and your dad
had a really nice time together?
Should we try to recreate that?
Well, I don't want to play the blame game.
I don't come from that school of therapy.
It wasn't a positive relationship.
I left and became a wizard, but, you know...
But if he was there a time like your last good memory with him,
like, can we position him in a certain way?
I don't think there's any manipulating this guy.
I think he's kind of salt of the earth type,
and manipulation is more...
Well, like, can we eat his organs?
I feel like I'm talking to, like, an artificial intelligence.
I don't know what you're saying has to do with what I'm...
But what my recommendation is that we prop the guy up
in a comfortable position with his weapons in hand
and wait for him to wake up a normal guy.
He's not going to like me when he wakes up,
but he's not going to try to kill us.
He's my dad.
I summon a squirrel.
It's the same day as the last day we met,
and you can only cast Speak with Animals once per day.
I'll bite my time.
I have a flashback.
You have a flashback to when?
Ten years old.
I choose Jeff Davis to play the role of young Lord Buttsalot,
a barbarian in the tower of wherever I grew up when I was 10.
I'll play the tower.
It's like, why is there a phone call over this tower?
God damn it, I've been working all day,
but kicking Noel's asses instead of a bit.
Father.
What?
I've been thinking about what you said.
I don't give two shits.
I don't pay you to think.
I don't even pay you.
You said that I'd never make a good barbarian.
I know that.
Look at you.
You don't have the forearms.
What of magic, Father?
Magic.
La-di-da.
I like magic.
I'm going to go hang out with Patton Oswald at magic parties.
Magic can be used to defeat monsters and gain treasure,
same as churrism.
Show me some magic.
Right now, prove it to me.
You just pooped in the carpet.
That's not magic.
That's disgusting.
Anyone can poop in the carpet.
Look, I cast magic fart.
I need to go abroad and study it.
That's what I'm saying.
Being a barbarian is not good enough for you, huh?
I didn't say that.
I'm not good enough.
You always say I'm not good enough.
You're not good enough.
Let me be good enough.
Let me do what I'm good at.
I'm made of stone.
We live in a magic tower.
Why can't I go to a magic place and apply my train?
You know what?
Do it.
You go.
Just leave.
And I'll see you in about 15 years, 20 years.
Don't be proud of me.
Oh, yeah.
Well, maybe I won't.
Maybe I won't.
Maybe I'll be too busy.
You've got to save the world from the evil mole ganks.
And maybe I won't care about magic,
because maybe magic doesn't put bread on the table.
Maybe sometimes using your big forearms does.
Magic can totally put bread on the table.
Do it.
Show me.
Show me right now.
Don't poop on this table, son.
Get out of my weird drunk castle.
I cast I hate you.
I never want to see you again.
Again.
You snap back into the real world.
You feel in a confusing mix of emotions,
of passions, of adrenaline, of memories,
of timelines weaving past and present.
You level up.
What?
Oh!
Flashback, level up.
You can level up by having a memory.
That's the best D&D game ever.
All right.
Let's have it for Spencer.
Let's end there when we level up.
That's right.
Stop in a video game when we level up.
Take our time to pick those new skills.
Absolutely.
Spencer, everybody.
All right.
Erin McAfee.
I didn't know.
You know, Neil, who doesn't exist,
had to say to me,
I think D&D's the highlight.
I think you gotta figure out a way
to play D&D on the road.
You mean Neil Berkeley,
the megalomaniac filmmaker?
The Dennis Hopper of documentaries.
The Morgan Sperlock of our movie.
Man, I don't know what you intended to do,
but I'm in this thing.
It's about me now.
I mean,
I wish my name was Neil Berkeley.
Because it's got me in it.
And I.
There's no Neil in team.
There's some of it,
but you have to deconstruct it.
That's all I'm gonna do.
I'm just saying,
as an example,
he's sitting at his three Amstels.
I'm still trying to get him
to agree to do the thing.
He immediately mentions,
D&D's the thing.
It gave me a renewed vigor.
I think we played better D&D tonight.
Because.
Stacks are higher.
And like, yeah, it's like.
Because we're going in an actual campaign.
He may not.
You and I are going in an actual.
Campaign.
Campaign across the front.
Across the front.
In search of riches and glory.
Yeah.
Can I describe it dramatically?
Oh, I wish you would.
Yes.
Well, not like,
I'm just in general.
Not right now.
Oh, I thought you.
Play the D&D queue.
In a cramped tour bus
on a state highway somewhere.
Yeah.
See you later.
All right.
I hit the wrong button.
It's come that.
It's come that time in the Harmontown Show.
Oh, that sounded like.
That sounded like a good.
It was like.
That's what we lack in our show.
Like where it has that kind of like.
Hey, bring it at home.
Kind of like.
So the audience.
Okay.
It shows fucking over.
I don't have.
I don't have to steal myself
against the possibility of this being
three and a half hours long.
The good thing about the show
is that the energy is freewheeling,
but the only downside of that is always
the paying the paper at the end
because they go like,
who's going to end it?
He's a loser.
You are Dan.
So what have we learned?
What have we learned at tonight's Harmontown?
We learned.
We learned that Neil,
Neil doesn't want to be in the movie
that he's shooting,
but that he will be the star of it
by not being in it.
We learned that Adam.
We didn't learn shit about Adam.
We didn't learn anything about Adam,
but we learned to be afraid of him
if we didn't know that already.
We learned that women and gay people
and black people are the best people
in the world.
Right, Tennessee?
Fuck you, buddy.
Motherfucker, I'm sure you shit over your fucking head.
We learned that Greg Barrett is our Marvel enemy.
We learned that I have a lot to learn
about going on the road,
that I still have one more week to prepare.
We learned that Dave Mathews will happily shit in your head
because they have no regard for human safety.
Yeah.
And we learned that we learned to fuck your mama.
No, no, no.
No.
Wait.
Yeah, yeah.
Yo, end of the show.
Yo, yeah.
Fuck your mama, gonna learn and grow.
Fuck your mama and her knee and her foot.
Fuck your mama's chimney, got the soot on my dick.
Fuck your mama's wick.
Here's the candle and I'm gonna get sick.
Keep your mama up out of my mouth.
Fuck your mama in the east, west, north and south.
Fuck your mama from the salt to the pepper.
Fuck your mama and I'm not a pepper.
It's not a word.
That's why I'm not it.
Fuck your mama in the butt and the head.
Fuck your mama and your daddy instead.
Started fucking your daddy to even it out.
Fuck your daddy in his nose and his mouth.
Apostrophe T.
Mouth.
C'mon, let me get...
Yo, I need a topic.
I need a topic, yo.
Eyes.
I fucked your mama's eyes.
I fucked your mama and it was a big surprise.
I fucked your mama in her brow and her nose.
I fucked your mama cause that's how the eyes goes.
I fucked your mama in the middle of the face.
I fucked your mama all over the place.
I fucked your mama on the left.
Fucked your mama on the right.
Fucked your mama in the morning.
Fucked your mama on the swanker night.
Let her think about it.
Fucked your mama on the Morna, didn't fuck her at night.
Fucked your mama on the left.
Fucked your mama on the right.
Thank you.
Next time.
next time next week next week I'm Jeff Davis Dan Harmon thank you Adam Goldberg
Spencer and the Kathy Neil Berkeley who really really is just running rough
shot over the show it's getting uncomfortable how involved do you know
if we did five minutes with you not on our dick up here I'd be correct also Katie
Levine our audio recording Zach McKevera tech on site Emily Gordon producer
Daniel Kramer program director just amor just a martial podcast producer most
battle about on-site director Jenny fine our logo artist through Shahruz Shaukat
how do you say a website design thank you so much Nerdmelt thank you all
for coming we will see you next time maybe chubby chase maybe not we will
see you mom fuck you mom he's made it clear I fucked you mom went to her house
and fucked her pretty about the fact that you fuck their mom I think I need to
expound fucked your mom so many times and ways you don't understand it was
sublime this has been closing past the cell or selling past the clothes whatever
the fuck you call it good night all punching holes in your Harmontown
cards over there I know that some of you are this close to a freebie you have to
thank you Los Angeles or filler city if we're using this to fill in a city thank
you so sorry Phoenix so sorry we went there first what they hate us we were
pretty hard on Phoenix Phoenix I'm sorry Phoenix it's okay we're gonna be fine
just a wild stuff now and that's how you make a statue disappear is this your
car there's no car disappeared twice
mother fucker I'm gonna fucking rape your soul thanks for having us on SNL as
we passed through New York this city has the best zoo I've ever seen it's so
uncruel to animals fuck San Diego San Diego's got the best zoo in the world
don't forget the veterans spin on them I don't know what cities will mop it up
let's go